README.md, before:

# Recipe_Design_Project

## Project Title
Recipes By Keywords

## Project Description
The objective for this project is to create a UI that will display food recipes based on keywords, 
and will display those keyword specific recipes with ingredients.
As well as have an input for wine pairings.
Should there be no results found the UI will return 0 results rather than closest possible match.

## User Story
AS A foodie I want  
I WANT to be able to search a website using specific keywords
SO THAT recipes specific to those keywords populate with ingredients and instructions

## Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN I am using a UI to search for recipes
WHEN I input a keyword
THEN I presented with a list of options
THEN I am able to view to the ingredients, prep time, and cook time
WHEN I find a recipe I like
THEN I want to save it to favorites list

## APIs to be used
1) https://rapidapi.com/spoonacular/api/recipe-food-nutrition
    https://spoonacular.com/food-api
    https://spoonacular.com/application/frontend/downloads/spoonacular-api-slides.pdf
2) https://rapidapi.com/thecocktaildb/api/the-cocktail-db


## Breakdown of Tasks
Team Lead: Peter, create the repo, add team to repo, create chart task breakdown.
Thuy: search for other options aside from bootstrap to use.
Kevin: look for modal model structure and come up with layout for page.

## Table of Contents

## Screenshots
![Screenshot](./assets/images/)

## Deployed Website

Commit message:

added notes to the html, and javascript, and readme

README.md, after:

# Recipe_Design_Project

## Project Title
Recipes By Keywords

## Project Description
The objective for this project is to create a UI that will display food recipes based on keywords, 
and will display those keyword specific recipes with ingredients.
As well as have an input for wine pairings.
Should there be no results found the UI will return 0 results rather than closest possible match.

## User Story
AS A foodie I want  
I WANT to be able to search a website using specific keywords
SO THAT recipes specific to those keywords populate with ingredients and instructions

## Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN I am using a UI to search for recipes
WHEN I input a keyword
THEN I presented with a list of options
THEN I am able to view to the ingredients, prep time, and cook time
WHEN I find a recipe I like
THEN I want to save it to favorites list

## APIs to be used
1) https://rapidapi.com/spoonacular/api/recipe-food-nutrition
    https://spoonacular.com/food-api
    https://spoonacular.com/application/frontend/downloads/spoonacular-api-slides.pdf
2) https://rapidapi.com/thecocktaildb/api/the-cocktail-db


## Breakdown of Tasks
Team Lead: Peter, create the repo, add team to repo, create chart task breakdown, coordinate tasks to be done, create presentation slide, creation of html and final edits
Thuy: search for other options aside from bootstrap to use, fetch requests, and javascripting
Kevin: look for modal model structure and come up with layout for page, CSS editing for pages and appended elements

## Table of Contents
Project title, user story, acceptance criteria, APIs to be used, Breakdown of Tasks, Screenshots, Link to presentation slide, Deployed website.

## Screenshots
![Screenshot](./assets/images/)

## Presentation slide links
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1kGYBp0mjtDpzuFXpFLQ1J51uw8HvbxmaWoDgpXK8cCA/edit#slide=id.g29f43f0a72_0_5


## Deployed Website
